[[Creating Great Creative Work Takes Time and Cycles]]. If you want to make excellent work, you must be able to complete a number of these cycles.

One of the ways that you can practice [[Game Design]], particularly on your own, is by making tabletop games. You're able to cut through the bells and whistles of a game engine, programming, art, and just get down to *what the game itself is*, whatever that happens to be. You can iterate quickly with arts-and-crafts materials ([[Index cards are underrated design tools]]), hand it off to playtesters, and go from there.

When you're learning and practicing, you want things to be as simple as possible. In order to accelerate your own learning, you want to create the quickest loop possible that you can use to work through, get feedback on, and improve. You will not create your dream game immediately, but that's not the point, the point is to get better, so that when you *do* try to create your dream game, you're exquisitly capable of it and can make it to match your ultimate vision and taste.

Stripping down to tabletop games and the analogue in isolation is analogous to [Draw a Box](https://drawabox.com/)’s approach in learning the fundamentals of drawing. Their learning community and materials encourage practicing core drawing skills using only paper and a pen. Yeah, you can use all of the other tools and fancy tricks of the trade to help you create digital games too, and you're likely to at some point in the future, but ultimately you want the path to practice core, fundamental skills to be as easy and bell / whistle free as possible.
