This book, while imperfect, gave me a lot of confidence in how I previously have and plan to continue approaching my career. I'm the type of person who's pretty much always known what I've wanted to do: direct video games. Diversions from that throughout my life have generally been running away from it in fear. Many moments have been a desperate pursuit in any way I could conjure in an isolated environment. Shifts over time have strengthened and focused this further, but the root thread has been there for my entire life. 

In my senior year of undergrad, I was really scared of perusing this goal despite how far I'd come even to that point. So much so that I only applied to no more than 5 tech companies and my alma mater for grad school. Even throughout grad school I felt constantly wracked with indecision and fear, knowing I was avoiding what I actually wanted but feeling too incompetent and afraid of failure to properly chase it. 
I found this book maybe a year and a half into my master's program, and while some of the hemming and hawing about the invisible hand of market forces felt like a bit much, (capitalism good, capitalism bad, we get it) the core thesis really resonated with me. I felt like I'd been pursuing knowledge, skill, and mastery wherever and whenever I could in ways relevant to my field, and the reframing of skill creating security even in nominally insecure fields felt like a huge relief and confidence boost. It felt like I’d actually been “doing it right” the whole time, like nothing had been a waste of time or energy.

Resources
---
- [So Good They Can't Ignore You | Cal Newport | Talks at Google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwOdU02SE0w)
