[Watch Me Play: Twitch and the Rise of Game Live Streaming by T.L. Taylor](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39204051-watch-me-play)

> "Everyday life, filled with both work and leisure, is where people regularly navigate deeply political, culturally productive, sociotechnical systems. It is where politics comes at us sideways. While many are detached from what we might think of as serious civic engagement, all of us each and every day confront a range of critical issues in our domestic and work lives, among friends, colleagues, strangers, and family. Coming home and trying to tune out the "real world" by relaxing through various forms of leisure is a normal part of everyday life. Increasingly gaming has become one of those spaces. Players regularly encounter people from outside their own social worlds, and construct networks and online lives in concert with these systems. Yet games are now routinely tied to commercialized platforms, complex networks, and media infrastructures like never before. Companies, policies, and laws, addressing everything from intellectual property to standards of behavior, govern games. Users, owners, and systems co-constitute a space that in turn shapes experience. This means that those very moments when people are engaging in play remains some of the __most__ politically infused spaces."

Something I've been thinking about is the monetization/economics of the streamer-developer relationship. Basically affiliate links within the games-content space. Streamers (or youtube creators) promote games, players buy the games, maybe developers kickback some of that revenue to streamers and creators, and vice versa in the case that streamers play the games, viewers subscribe to their streams but don't buy the game, should streamers give kickbacks to developers? The closest thing I've seen to attempt this at scale is the Epic store's Support-A-Creator Program, I don't believe there's anything like this from the streamer-to-developer angle, but that might be a side effect of the vast majority of streamers and creators being too small to matter

For example, if Ninja plays a small indie game and trashes it and no one buys it, should he have to pay the devs of that indie game some amount of revenue to licence it for streaming?

I guess the question is how can we greater circulate revenues through that streamer-creator relationship. Something something circular economies, probably
